when i was seven
most of my friends stopped believing in
magic that's when i first started
they were beautiful they were happy
they didn't even need any money they had
magic cards
[Music]
rebecca bloomwood dress zach posen belt
todd old and vintage bag gucci
you know that thing when you see someone
cute and he smiles and your heart kind
of goes like warm butter
sliding down hot toast well that's what
it's like when i see a store
[Music]
declined can you try again really
declined
how are you gonna pay the step yeah i
know i've made some mistakes
yeah but i'm turning my life around
fluent in
finnish everyone packs their resume a
little
sorry
[Music]
you took a job at a savings magazine
don't you think that's kind of ironic
that rebecca bloomboyd is advising
people on how to handle money
boots i saw him first
you can do this you just need to figure
out what you're right about shoes
describing investment in the way that
women purchase different shoes that was
very clever
this is a very important magazine is
this where you should be
do not open that closet
what i really need is a black verniche
shoe in the size 10.
you speak prada
[Music]
rebecca's pretty unique she's vivacious
inspiring
funny she's hard to ignore where is it
where is that credit card
[Music]
confessions of a shopaholic i remember
from your resume that you speak
finnish to someone very excited to meet
you yanny
oh hey hey hey hey
men like you are the reason i left
finland hello